


                      New Account Information


Welcome to the CSU Computer Science Department's computing facilities.
In order to use the facilities you need a login, (a unique id string)
and a password.  These are initially allocated by the department.
Login strings are typically your CSU EID name.

Your initial password is your CSUID number, a nine-digit number
beginning with "8".  Note: your CS password is independent of your
CSU EID password.  Our machines are composed of two sets, having
distinct password domains: a Windows domain and a Unix domain.
As soon as possible your should log on to a machine in each of
these two domains and change your password.  In the unix domain, use
the passwd command on any department linux machine to change your
password.  In the Windows domain, simultaneously press the <Ctrl>,
<Alt>, and <Delete> keys. (Note that the Windows domain accounts
take about an hour longer than the unix accounts to appear, so
please be patient.)

Machines are available for general CS-related use in the CS department
labs, on the first floor of the Computer Science Building.  If you're
connecting from a remote site some good machines to connect to get
started are:

  yam.cs.colostate.edu 129.82.47.248 (Fedora Linux, 64-bit)
  zucchini.cs.colostate.edu 129.82.47.249 (Fedora Linux, 64-bit)

A list of more machines can be found at 

  http://www.cs.colostate.edu/~info/machines

You'll need to use ssh and sftp, since telnet and ftp are disabled.

By default, your mail goes to a server named mail.cs.colostate.edu.
You can read your mail using any mail-reader that supports the IMAP
or POP protocols, but IMAP is recommended.  You can forward you email
using a unix .forward file in your home directory.

Further information about accounts, email, and using the department's
computing facilities is available at the following locations:

  http://www.cs.colostate.edu/cstop/csfacilities/systems.html
  http://www.cs.colostate.edu/~info/faq.html

The latter is a list of frequently asked questions.  Please look
through it as it contains an important statement of policy regarding
backups, in addition to other useful information.  Please note that
desktop machines are not backed up.  All important data should be
stored on department servers (in your Unix home directory).
